Data instructions update (#1)
dvrpc/crash-api: data/README.md

# Instructions for Data Updates

> When we get a new year's data from the state departments of transportation (in the form of an MS Access database), GIS (@seandoesgis) uses the geo data for each record (if available, from either lat/lon or sri/milepost fields) to determine the planning areas (as the "municipality" field) for the Philadelphia County records. Our DB admin (@heelizabeth) then inserts that into the appropriate tables in the database. GIS will also provide to the Back End Developer (@kdwarn) a csv file (named `crashgeom.csv`) that maps crash ids to geom fields, for use in the import script (`data_import.py`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we get a new year's data from the state departments of transportation (in the form of an MS Access database), GIS (@seandoesgis) uses the geo data for each record (if available, from either lat/lon or sri/milepost fields) to determine the planning areas (as the "municipality" field) for the Philadelphia County records. Our DB admin (@heelizabeth) then inserts that into the appropriate tables in the database. GIS will also provide to the Back End Developer (@kdwarn) a csv file that maps crash id (id) to a wkt geometry field (geom) using SRID 4326, for use in the import script (`data_import.py`).
```
